Hey, guys, what's up?
This is American, and I welcome you to another Dooralong discourse on drugs.
And in this video, we are going to talk specifically about glasses and object.
So we are going to split this into two parts where we are going to discuss glasses and object and we
are going to discuss a lot about glasses and objects.
So we are going to study about the stats and behavior.
Then we are going to see how a constructor function can be initialized and we are going to see about
instance variable.
Then we are going to see an instance method and there is going to be a lot that is going to be covered
specifically on glasses and objects.
And as I told you, we are going to split it into two parts.
So here is the first part.
So starting on with the states and behavior of class is an object.
So as we mentioned earlier, we use glasses to basically create objects.
Now, when defining a class, we typically focus on two things.
That is states and behaviors.
Now the state is going to track attributes for individual objects.
There is the behaviors are what objects are capable of doing.
Now, for example, if you use our human glass from earlier, we may want to create two human object.
One is named as, let's say, bulb, and one is named as John.
Now, they are both the human objects, but they may contain different information, such as the name
of the person that may be either John or Bob.
Then comes the word.
They may have different widths, then come to hide.
They may have different heights.
Now, we would use the instance variable to drag this information.
Now this should tell you that instance variable.
Ah, scope and the object level and how and and this is basically how objects keep track of their state.
Now, even though there are two different objects, both are still objects of the class human and contain
identical behaviours.
For example, both the human objects should be able to walk, run, jump and do other steps that a human
can perform.
And they are going to perform basically all the common behaviors of a human being.
Now we define this behavior as instance method in a class instance, method defined in a class are available
to objects of that class.
So in short instance, variable keep track of the state and the instance method exposed behavior for
object.
So let's take a closer look at how to define them in a class.
So we will start on with defining a constructor function and then we are going to move on with instance
variables and instance method.
So if you talk about initializing a new object, we will still use our human class from before, but
we will be removing the functionality that existed in the previous to drill.
And we are going to start on fresh and we are going to modify the class by adding and initialize method
that is also going to be known as a constructor function.
So we are going to define our class.
And the name is going to be human for sure.
And inside this world, we are going to do is that we are going to define a function that is known as
initialise.
Now, inside this function, we are going to simply write inputs.
Object has been.
Initialised.
And we are going to end the function and we are going to end the glass as well.
Then comes the initialization of the objects.
All right.
Here we are going to create an object that is John, and we are going to write in human dot new.
And that is going to basically create our object.
If you just run this code, you can see that it has printed out object has been initialized.
Now, this Ohare is basically something that is actually building because when you call in something
like New O'Haire, for example, if I have, let's say, one more function of a hill, let's say the
name of the function is an eye or.
Just leave it like that and just move down here and write in both second MetroHealth.
And finally, and this function.
So if I just run this code, you can see that still it has branded me this, but not this from here.
Now, the reason behind this is that the initialize method is going to get called every time you create
a new object.
Now, that is odd.
Don't we call the new method when we create an object?
Yes.
Calling the new class method eventually lead us to initialize the instance method.
Now we will talk about the difference between class method and instant's method later.
Now, in this example, instantiating a new human object triggered the initialize method and resulted
in in the string being outputted.
Now we refer to the initialize method as a constructor function, as I told you before, because it
is going to get triggered whenever we create a new object.
So this new Ohare is now not only going to call in the new class, but it is also going to trigger a
function that is known as the initialize function.
And that is basically what is going to be in.
If you just change the spelling of this, then this function over here is not going to get called with
this new object, Abargil.
So not now the new object.
It is Akua that is basically referring to a class.
So just remove this from here.
So basically, this is a constructor function in Ruby.
Then comes the concept of the instance variables, so now that we have know how to use the constructors
in Ruby, let us create a new object and instantiate it with some state, let's say, like a name.
So what we will do is that right, a hill, instead of this stuff being printed, what we are going
to do is that we are going to initialize a name using the constructor function because the constructor
function is basically used for initialization of the initial stuff.
And that's why it is also known as the initialize function.
So we are going to let's initialize a name.
So we are going to write another name equal to name, and that is that whatever is going to be this
Ohare is basically going to be stored in this variable.
So this Ohare is going to get received over here.
So we are going to write a name over here.
So right where we are basically creating the new object, we will now pass the new class.
Some arguments and those arguments whenever the initialize function is going to get triggered, these
arguments that are passed into the new class that are going to get passed through the initialize function
as well.
So right away here, we are going to pass in the name that is, let's say, John, so we are going to
include it in quotation marks as well.
And what we are going to do now is that you can write Herbert's name on this and and and and and you
can see that John has got printed.
Now, you'll notice something new over here.
The Aderet name variable looks different because it has the added of symbol in front of it.
Now, this is what is called an instance variable in Ruby.
Now it is a variable that exists as long as the object instance exists.
And it is one of the ways we tie data to object.
Now, it does not die.
After the initialize method is run, it lives on to be referenced in the object instance is destroyed.
Not in the above example or initialize method takes a parameter that is called as name.
You pass on the perimeter to the initialize method through the new class.
And when we just created an object, as you have seen down right here, the text John got printed.
So basically the string, John is being passed from the new method through the through to the initialize
method and is going to be assigned to the local variable name.
Now within the constructor.
We then said the instance variable that is right or here that is at the rate of name and we make it
equal to name, which results in assigning the string, John, to the at the rate of name instance variable.
Now from this example, we can see that instance variables are basically responsible for keeping track
of information about the state of an object.
Now, in this line of code where we have the name of the John object is the string, John.
Now, this date for the object is tracked in the instance variable that is at the rate of name.
So if it created another a human object, for example, with, let's say, Bob this time.
So if you just read an.
Bob, equal to human dot.
New and we just passed and Bob from here, then the add the rate of name instance variable for the Bob
object would contain the string.
Bob every object state is unique and instance variable are how we are going to keep track of it.
So if you just run this code, you can see that you've got John and you've got Bob.
So as I told you, every object state is unique.
This object here, it's state is unique.
This object over here, it's state is no doubt that it has the property.
For example, John Kanwal, John can run John Gantheaume.
Similarly, Bob can walk, run, jump.
And both have the properties that are basically the common properties of a human being.
But if you talk about the object state, then it is going to be unique and instance variable are basically
the concept with which with the help of which basically we are going to keep track of that uniqueness
of the object state.
So I hope that instance variable concept is clear.
So if you are clear about that, so let's move on to the next part.
That is about the instance method.
And as I told you, that instance variable are basically what that is going to help us with the behavior
of the object.
So right now, our human class can't really do anything.
So let us give it some behaviors like let's say dog walk or you can just define in any kind of method.
So right over here, we are going to define one more function and we're going to just remove this from
here.
And right down here, what we are going to do is that we are going to define a behavior of a human so
the behavior of humans that he can either talk or you can do a lot of stuff.
So we are going to just use the talkable help.
And right here where we are going to do is that we are going to write and thoughts.
Hello and yes, and this oakhill.
So right down here.
Now, what you can do is that we just remove this for now or just will do it right over here.
So right here, what we can do is that we can now access this function dog and how to access that.
We are going to use the object that is John, and we are going to write in Dot Doc.
So if you just run this code, you can see that Halo has been printed.
Now, you can also use the return concept of a Harrisonville if you just remove this stuff from here
and just write in.
Hello.
And if you just now run this code, you can see that nothing happens.
Now, this is because the dog method return the string.
Hello.
But now what we are going to do is that now we need to print it out.
So we should add both in front of John Dog.
So we are going to ride in boats.
John, that dog over here are you can just ride in Putzel over here as well.
So these are basically the two ways you can just print out something.
So if you now just run this code, you are going to see that Halo has been printed because Hallal was
written right over here.
And using this, you can just print it out.
Now, we should see that the output of our program in the spring is hello, and we told John to talk
and he did.
Now, suppose we have the other object that is basically Bob, and we also want Bob to talk.
So to make Bob Dole what we are going to do is that we are going to write in votes.
Bob got a dog, and right here you can just specify something like what's?
John is talking and write down here, you can just write in put.
Bob is talking Ronda's good, and you can see that both are talking and both are saying hello.
Now, our second Bob object basically can also as a tool, you perform the human behaviors again.
All the objects of the same class have the same behavior as to which they contain a different state.
Here, the differing state is the name.
Now, what if you want to not just say hello, but say John says hello in our instance method, what
is which is what all the methods are so far we have access to instance variable as well, so we can
use the string interpolation concept and change our talk method to something so that the output printed
is basically what's the name?
And then it says hello.
So what we can do is that we can just modify this function a bit.
And we are going to use quotation marks and in here, what we are going to do is a brilliant Criden
hashtag and we are going to write an advocate of names.
So this is basically the instance variable concept.
And we are going to write and says.
Hello to all.
And good enough, I guess so if you now just run this code.
All right, so you can see right here that it says John says hello to all and right down here it says
Bob says hello to all.
Now, the reason behind this is that the state and behavior are now combined in this function of a hill.
Now, what is the reason behind this is because both the objects are referring to this function that
is Def Dog and both are going to access whatever is going to get written over here.
But since we have used the concept of the instance variable, an instance method at the same time,
so when the name is going to pass, it will help because we are not passing in the name to this over
here.
And as I told you before that, when this initialize function ends, the at the rate of name, which
has basically the name we are going to pass in when initializing the object, it is not going to die
out, but it is going to remain right there until and unless that object is going to that.
But since the object has not died so far, when we are calling John a hill.
So that's why at the rate of NIM basically contains the name of John.
So when we just write in John Doxa, so when you are accessing dog using the John object, so this aderet
of Nim basically contains John because of the concept of instance variable.
And as I told you, that the state of an object is not unique, but the behavior is going to be unique.
So that's why at the rate of NIM for a John, it's going to print John over here and at the rate of
name for Bob is going to print Bob and the remaining is going to remain the very same.
That says hello to all, says hello to all because of the concept of instant's matter.
So this example basically covered both concepts and how they can be framed into a simple and one example.
Then comes the concept of accessor methods.
Now what if we want to print out only the John's name so we could try some other code right from here
and you could just write.
In a hail.
But.
Not right here after initializing the objects, we're going to just do it right over here so you can
just ride in boats John Dot name, and if you just run escort, you're going to see that it has basically
generated an area that says undefined method name.
And the reason behind this is that.
If you just know the name, it is basically named as the no method error and no method error means that
we have called a method does that basically does not exist or is unavailable to the object.
If you want to access the objects name, which is stored in the Adelaide of named variable, that is
the instance variable.
We have to create a method that will return the name.
We can call it as, let's say, get name.
And its only job will be to return the name in the at the rate of name instance variable.
So we will use the very same example and we will define one more functional hail.
Right down here, you can just ride in death and let's say the name of the function is get name and
right here you can just right at the right of name.
And when you don't drive boats or anything, go here, you know that it is basically something that
is going to get done as it is.
So this Namoa here is going to get returned to the place from where this function is going to get called.
So if you just run and this is a hill.
And right here to simplify a bit, let's just remove this for now and let's just remove this as well
for now.
So I guess that's simple enough now and now what you can do is that all you have to do is that you have
to initialize the object that is joining with the human, not new, and you have to pass in the value
of the name.
Then what you can do is that you can just write in John Dot, get underscore name on this and now the
name is going to get printed.
So what we have done here that we have added arget name method and it should return the value of our
ad.
The narrator of name instance variable, as you can see right over here, this is going to return the
value right here and since we are using Pozzallo here.
So that's why when we just run this code, it work.
We now have a getter method that is basically get name.
But what if you want to change it?
Let's say the name of the person that is that's a joint.
So we want to change it now.
That's when we reach for a setter method because a getter method is going to get the name, but a certain
method is going to set the name.
So to do it, it looks a lot like a getter method.
But what we will do is that we will make some small changes.
So right down here we will create one more function, that is.
Set underscore a name.
And in here, we are going to ride in at the rate of.
Name equal to name.
And we are going to end this function and this is also going to have equal do Mama Hill.
So now to run this, what do you have to do is that you have to first set the name, so right down here,
what you're going to do is that you are going to first write and Johnny go human, do the very same
way.
And then what you can do is that you can just write and post John Doe name so that you can see the name
and then write down here.
You can just write in votes.
All name Oakhill.
And if you just ride in position, get good name, it is going to print the oil name for you and now
write down here you can just write in boots.
New name.
And now to set the new name, what you're going to do is that you are going to call in dysfunction,
that is the set name function.
So to do it, what you're going to do is that you're going to use the very same object that it's charged
and you're going to need a capital all but a small O and you're going to write and set underscore name.
And you are going to set the name right over here.
That is, let's say, Tomaz this time and write down here you are again going to call the get method
because now the name has been said to Thomas in place of John.
So now when you call the get name, it is going to get the new name for you.
So we are going to write in John Dodd, get a name, just run this code and you are going to see that
it says all name John, new name Thomas.
So as you can see, we have successfully changed the John name to the string Thomas.
Now, the first thing you should notice about the setar method said name equal to is that Ruby, give
us a special syntax to use it to use the set name method normally, which we would expect to do this
as something like John Dodd said, naming Thomas where the entire set name is the method name and the
string Thomas is the argument being passed into the method.
Now Ruby recognizes that this is a CETRA method and it allows us to use the more natural assignment's
index that is John set name equal to Thomas.
Now, when you see this code just realized, there is a method that is named a set name equal to working
behind the scene.
And we are just seeing some ruby syntactical SHUGER.
Finally, as a conventional ruby is typically you want to name those getter and setter method using
the set name as the instance variable they are exposing and setting.
So we will make the change to our code as well.
Just scroll a bit up and in place of this get name, you are going to name it as name and do this,
we are going to name it as name equal to Tannahill.
And right down here, we are going to write another name equal to and which is basically what is going
to get passed in over here, and I guess the rest is going to remain the very same with respect to this.
Well, here we are going to just name it to name one here.
And we are also going to just remove this stuff from here.
Good enough on this.
And you can see that you've got all name Newnam.
But I guess there is some problem with is that a set name over here?
Where are we using it?
Yes, right here.
It is now going to be name.
So now we're on it and now it is going to run very perfectly.
All name is John.
New name is Thomas.
Now, the reason behind changing the name was that Ruby is basically typically you want to name those
getter and setter methods using the same name as the instance variable they are exposing and setting.
So since our instance variable name was name, so that y that's what the professional approach was to
also named the getter and setter method as the very same name as the instance variable that is being
used.
Perhaps that's why we have changed the names of a hill.
Now you'll notice that writing those getter and setter methods took up a lot of room in our program
for such a simple feature.
And if you had other states we wanted to track, like, let's say height, weight and let's say more
properties that are basically what human can do, then the class would be even more longer.
Now, because these methods are so commonplace, Ruby has a way to automatically create these ketter
and set a method for us using the edible D-R underscore accessor method, and that is what is basically
a part of this part of the tutorial.
So check out the refactoring of this very same code which we are about to just do.
So what we are going to do is that we are going to have our attribute accessor and we are going to write
an edible D-R, underscore it, see edible.
So are that just attribute accessor?
And we are going to write in the call and we are going to write in the variable that is basically storing
the name.
Now, the initialize function is going to remain the very same, it is going to be def initialize name
and at the rate of naming, would you name the very same.
But the difference that is going to occur is basically going to be in the getter and the Sedra method.
That is, you are going to just remove this from here and then we are going to have the stop function
that says John says hello to all and downhere.
What you are going to do is that you are going to just create an object and you're going to write an
old name and you're going to read and John Dort name, John Doe name to go to Thomson.
And then you're going to try and put John name on this code.
And you can see that the very same output has been generated, but the code has been minimized to a
greater extent.
C The attribute accessor method basically takes a symbol as an argument.
And that was basically name now using this, it is going to create the method name for the getter and
setter methods that one-Line replaced by basically two method definition.
But what if we only want the getter method without the central method, then we would want to use the
attribute return method.
It works the same way, but only allows you to retrieve the instance variable.
And if you only want the setter method, you can use the edible D-R underscore right or method.
All of the attribute, all of the attribute methods basically take a symbol as a parameter.
If there are much more strips you are tracking, you can use this index.
So for example, if you are just talking about, let's say, not only name, but you're also talking
about height, weight, and you also want to set the getter and setter methods for that.
So you can just write in height.
Let's say you can just write in.
Way to go here and let's say you only want to use, let's say, the x axis dramatic, but you only want
to set the getter method.
So in place of this attribute accessor, what you can do is that you can just write an attribute reader.
But since we are using attribute reader, which means that we only now have the CETRA method.
Sorry, this means that we only have the Geter method without the federal method, so we this mean cannot
change the name.
So we will just remove this from here, who will run the school?
And you can see that it's his old name is John.
So basically, this is now only treating the Getraer method that was basically the get named in the
previous case.
And if you only want to use the setter method, then what you can do is that right over here you can
just write and right there, over here.
And that is going to do your job.
Then comes the concept of accessor methods, so with getter and setter, etc. matters, we have a way
to expose and change an object state.
Now, we can also use these methods from within the class as well.
Now, in the previous example, the dark method reference to the Adelaide of name instance variable.
So it was the very same like that dog at the rate of name says hello to all.
Now, instead of referencing the instance variable directly, we want to use the name getter method
that we created earlier and that is given to us now by the attribute accessor.
So we will change the dog method.
And right here we are going to just remove this aderet sign from here.
Now, can you spot the change by removing the add the rate of symbols we are now calling the instance
method rather than the instance variable?
Now, why do we have to do this?
Why not just reference the Adelaide of name instance variable like we did before?
Technically, you could just reference the instance variable, but it is generally a good idea to call
the getter method instead.
Now suppose we are keeping track of a Social Security number in an instance variable called, let's
say at the rate of SSN that's done for Social Security number.
And suppose that we don't want to expose the raw data.
That is the entire Social Security number in our application.
Now, whenever we retrieve it, we want to only display the last four digit and mask the rest like something
x x, x, x, x, one, two, three, four.
So if we were referencing the address of S as an instance variable directly, we would we would need
to sprinkle our entire class with code and it will basically have to show our code.
And we also have to use the split function with that now.
It would have been something like.
X, x, x.
Dash X X, and it should have been something like Adrey of S.
S and Dot.
Split.
With a dot operator, not like this, like this, and we are going to write in dot last, and what if
we find a bug in this code or if someone says that we need to change the form into something else?
Now, it is going to be much easier to just reference a getter method and make the change in one place.
So for that you will need a function, let's say that is.
SSN and in this function, what are you going to do is that you are going to use this very, very same
line, so just remove this and this is going to be the part of the function and just end this function.
Now, we can use the SSN instance method throughout our class to retrieve the Social Security number.
Following this practice will save you some headache down the line, just like the Gedera method.
We also want to do the same with the central method.
Whenever we are changing the instance variable directly in our class, we should instead use the same
dramatic.
But there is a gotcha which we will cover next.
So suppose we wanted to add two more states to track the human class that is, let's say, called height
and weight.
So I hope you understood this.
Let's move this from now.
So that all you that you have to just add in height and weight, right?
Well, now that one line of code basically is going to give us the six getter and setter instances do
for this the and center to get there and settle for this and to get there and settle for this.
That makes it basically the sixth getter and setter instance methods name Namik will do height, weight,
weight equal to.
So these are basically going to be the six function now.
It also gave us the three instance variable that is at the right of name at the rate of a height and
aderet of weight.
Now suppose we want to create a new method that allow us to change several state at once.
That is, let's say colors change in full and it takes in the three parameters and the three arguments
do the math that corresponds to the new name, new height and the new weight, respectively.
Now, to implement this, what you can do is that right down here you can just create a function.
That is change info and it is going to receive in three arguments, the first one is going to be the
name, let's just write in and then ask for hide and W4 wait.
And in this way, you can do is that you can just ride in at the rate of name equal to an.
And you can just ride in at the rate of height, equal to edge and at the rate of weight equal to.
W and you can just end this function.
Right up here.
So just to get caught up with all of our court, our entire human class now look like the court, we
are going to.
Just see right, right over here.
Now, the initialize method or here is also going to get changed and in the initialize method now in
place of only one argument, we are going to have three arguments.
The name, the height.
And the finally so right down here, we are going to write a name equal to and and we are going to ride
at the rate of height, equal to edge and finally at the rate of weight equal to W.
And we are going to have the dog function as it is that is that dog at the rate of name?
No, at the rate where there's a hill that says hello.
And then we are also going to have this change in function that is going to receive in three arguments.
And it is going to be almost the very same as the the initializing function.
And then we are going to have another function that is going to be.
Def display function.
And what this display function is going to do is that it is going to print out everything, go to hell.
So we are going to write and name.
Is and we are going to in Adelaide and we are going to place Namal Hill.
Name is this and his weight is and we are going to write an the rate of weight and we are going to finally
write in and.
His height is and we are going to use interpellation again and we are going to ride in height.
So that is going to do our job, but we also have to change in the calling card, try to hill.
So what we are going to do is that we are going to create this John object right over here, John,
equal to human dot new, but right over here now it is going to accept three arguments.
The first one is going to be the name.
Then we are going to pass and the height.
Then we are going to pass in this way right away.
So let's say the wait is sorry.
The height is.
Twelve inches, and you have to also pass individual, let's say the weight is 30 cagy.
So this is the height, this is the weight, and this is finally the name and right down here.
Now, if you just remove this stuff from here, if you just write in quotes, John Dodd.
Display.
Not or you, Audie, it's going to be both, and if you just run the scored.
It says that unexpected and often, but yes, I guess right or here, I just forgot to place this and
now run this and you can see that it his name is John and his weight is 30 Gidgee and his height is
12 inches.
So basically, that was the information that was printed because of the accessor method we are using
right over here.
The veteran center was set and we have just displayed our information using this display function now.
Now, what you're going to do is that you are now going to change some information.
So right down here, you are going to write in John Dot change info and using the change in for you
are going to pass in some new information now.
So let's say now the name is Bob.
And let's say the height is the very same, that is 12 inches and let's say the weight has been changed.
Now, the person has eaten a lot of, let's say, fast food and now he's, let's say 40.
So now all you have to do is that you have to just ride in votes.
John Dodd.
Display run this code and right down here, you can see now that it's his name is Bob, his height is
40 cagy and his weight is 12 inches, not just by calling the very same function.
We have Jianjun for our information.
So just like when we replaced accessing the instance variable directory directly with the getter method,
we would also like to do the same with our CETRA method.
So let's change the implementation of the change in full function that is right over here.
So just remove Aderet from here at the rate from here and add the rate from here.
Now to save space, we won't repeat the code from above, but we can see that the change in the method
did not change the information.
If you just ran this code, you can see that the information is now the very same.
It says name is John, his weight is 30 gauge and his height is 12 inches, which is the very same as
we have written right over here.
So basically, what happened, why did our Sedra method work and the change in full method?
Now that is basically something that is known as the calling method with the self.
Now, the reason behind that, the name was not changed.
When we just use we just remove the at the rate that was the instance variable thing from here.
The reason our central method did not work is because Ruby thought we are initializing local variables.
Now recall that to initialize or create new local variables, all we have to do is, for example, X
equal to one, or let's say you have a string that is Halad.
It turns out that instead of calling the name equal to Heidi, equal to our weight, equal to cetra
methods, what we did was that we created three new local variables that are name, height and weight,
which you can see right here.
Now, that's definitely not what we wanted to do to disambiguate from creating a local variable.
We need to use self-taught name to let Ruby know that we are calling a method.
So our change in forgood should be updated with a self in place of the Adelaide, which was used right
over here.
So we're going to write and name you're going to write and self-taught height and we are going to write
in self-taught way to a hill.
So if you now run the school, you're going to see now information has been updated.
Now it says name is Bob and it's where it is 40 Jhannes height is 12 inches.
Now, basically, this is going to tell the Ruby compiler that we are calling a setter method, not
creating a local variable.
To be consistent, we should also adopt this index for the getter method as well.
So it is not required.
So I.
To a hill.
You can just use cell phone here as well.
You can just try it and self Dodd name, you can just write and solve, not hide and you can just write
and self-taught hi to her.
But this is what is not required if you just don't want to use it.
You do not use it.
You just run the school.
You know, you can see that the output is the very same, which was if you just removed this from her.
So.
That is basically something that is optional in the display function.
Finally, if we run our code with the updated change information, you have seen that the Selfs index
has worked beautifully and the information has been changed.
Now, the prefixing of the self is not strictly restricted to just the accessor method.
You can use it with any instance method.
For example, the Informatica is not a method given to us by the attribute accessor, but we can still
call it using the self-taught INFL.
So, for example, you have, let's say Metro Hell is just a and a bit.
And let's say you have, let's say, a method of, well, let's say the name of the method is X.
And right down here, you have let's say you can just call in self.
Dot.
Display and you can just end this right over here, run this and you can see that you have got your
outputs.
So that's how basically all stuff related to objects and classes is going to go on in the next iteration.
We are going to continue with classes and objects and that is going to be the second part of class as
an object.
So I hope that you have understood all this concept.
Well, the main concept was instance variable and instant's methods.
So I guess that's it with this tutorial.
Thank you so much for watching.
And I'll see you guys in the next story elsewhere where we will be covering the second part of class
as an object.